Add IN Carta preset and related compatibility changes + testing (#145)
cytomining/CytoTable: docs/source/overview.md

  * **Preset specification:** SQLite data sources from CellProfiler may use the configuration preset :code:`convert(..., preset="cellprofiler_sqlite", ...)` (:mod:`convert() <cytotable.convert.convert>`).
```

#### IN Carta Data Sources

- __Comma-separated values (.csv)__: [Molecular Devices IN Carta](https://www.moleculardevices.com/products/cellular-imaging-systems/high-content-analysis/in-carta-image-analysis-software) software provides output data in CSV format.

```{eval-rst}
  * **Manual specification:** CSV data source types may be manually specified by using :code:`convert(..., source_datatype="csv", ...)` (:mod:`convert() <cytotable.convert.convert>`).

>   * **Preset specification:** CSV data sources from CellProfiler may use the configuration preset :code:`convert(..., preset="in-carta", ...)` (:mod:`convert() <cytotable.convert.convert>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Preset specification:** CSV data sources from In Carta Image Analysis Software may use the configuration preset :code:`convert(..., preset="in-carta", ...)` (:mod:`convert() <cytotable.convert.convert>`).
```

Reviewer: accurate?

Author: Thanks, sorry, yes, typo on my part.
